Feb 9 -23 

- [all members] started on their respective parts and worked on the presentation
- all members will continue to make progress in their respective sections
- no roadblocks at the moment
  - [Aayush] Will work on creating a study spot and adding notes and be responsible for the live demo during the presentation
  - [Ben] Will work on searching existing study spots and be responsible for the architecture diagram slides during the presentation
  - [Alex] Will work on auth and be responsible for the user scenario slides during the presentation
  - [Alyssa] Will work on ranking algorithm and be responsible for the architecture slides during the presentation
  - [Daniel] Will work on database and be responsible for Q&A during the presentation
  - [Sophie] Will be responsible for the introduction + motivation slides during the presentation
